OKTA-577368: add new fields to device profile object (#4182)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/devices/index.md

#### Device profile properties

| Property                 | Type       | Description                                                                                                       | Applicable Platforms       |
| :----------------------- | :--------- | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| :---------------------------|

> | `displayName`            | String     | The display name of the device (from 1 through 255 characters)                                                    | All                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `displayName`            | String     | The display name of the device (max 255 chars)                                                    | All                         |
```

| `platform`               | Enum       | OS platform of the device. Possible values: `MACOS`, `WINDOWS`, `ANDROID`, `IOS`.                                 | All                         |
| `registered`             | Boolean    | Indicates if the device is registered at Okta                                                                     | All                         |

> | `diskEncryptionType`     | Enum       | (Optional) The type of disk encryption on the device. [Possible Values for `diskEncryptionType`](#possible-values-for-diskencryptiontype)      | All                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `diskEncryptionType`     | Enum       | (Optional) The type of disk encryption on the device. See [Possible values for `diskEncryptionType`](#possible-values-for-diskencryptiontype)      | All                         |
```

| `imei`                   | String     | (Optional) International Mobile Equipment Identity of the device (from 15 through 17 numeric characters)          | All                         |
| `integrityJailbreak`     | Boolean    | (Optional) Indicates if the device is jailbroken or rooted                                                        | `IOS` and `ANDROID`         |

> | `manufacturer`           | String     | (Optional) Name of the manufacturer of the device (from 0 through 127 characters)                                 | All                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `manufacturer`           | String     | (Optional) Name of the manufacturer of the device (0-127 chars)                                 | All                         |
```

| `osVersion`              | String     | (Optional) Version of the device OS (127 characters)                                                              | All                         |
| `serialNumber`           | String     | (Optional) Serial number of the device (127 characters)                                                           | All                         |
| `sid`                    | String     | (Optional) Windows Security identifier of the device (256 characters)                                             | All                         |
| `udid`                   | String     | (Optional) macOS Unique Device identifier (47 characters)                                                         | All                         |
| `tpmPublicKeyHash`       | String     | (Optional) Windows Trusted Platform Module hash value                                                             | All                         |
| `secureHardwarePresent`  | Boolean    | (Optional) Indicates if the device contains a secure hardware functionality                                       | All                         |

> ##### Possible Values for `diskEncryptionType`

Reviewer 2: nit: Possible values for `diskEncryptionType` (we usually prefer sentence-case vs. title-case)

Although I'd probably wan't to get dev docs review to see if this is the right wording cc: @brentschaus-okta

| Value                       | Description                                              | Applicable Platforms       |
| :-------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------| :---------------------------|
| `NONE`                      | No encryption has been set                               | All                         |
| `FULL`                      | Disk is fully encrypted                                  | `IOS` and `ANDROID`         |
| `USER`                      | Encryption key is tied to the user or profile            | `ANDROID`                   |
| `ALL_INTERNAL_VOLUMES`      | All internal disks are encrypted                         | `WINDOWS` and `MACOS`       |
| `SYSTEM_VOLUME`             | Only the system volume is encrypted                      | `WINDOWS` and `MACOS`       |

**Note:** The following values map to Disk Encryption ON (otherwise OFF): `FULL`, `USER`, `ALL_INTERNAL_VOLUMES`

> 

Author: I can add that, however I wasn't clear where to add them. There is no "possible value" description for `managementStatus` either. 

Should I add them both as user object values? In this page and appended it to the Response description where it says the description returns an array of users? or should I add it to the user object [here](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/users/#user-object)

        "meid": null,
        "udid": "36A56558-1793-5B3A-8362-ECBAA14EDD2D",
        "sid": null,
        "tpmPublicKeyHash": null,
        "registered": true,
        "secureHardwarePresent": false,

>         "diskEncryptionType": null

Reviewer 2: Is `null` an acceptable value for `diskEncryptionType`? It's not defined in the table

Author: I assumed it was, however, that is a good question. @apoorvadeshpande-okta could you confirm?

Reviewer 3: Usually `null` values are not shown on the API response over http, but for the sake of an example please populate the correct value for macOS platform in this case

    }
}
```

> ```json

Reviewer 2: Do we need 2 examples if the only difference is that the second one has `integrityJailbreak` while the first one does not? Can we clump it to 1?

Author: Thoughts? @brentschaus-okta

{
    "profile": {
        "displayName": "Bob - New Device",
        "platform": "IOS",
        "manufacturer": "Apple Inc.",
        "model": "iPhone 13 Pro Max",
        "osVersion": "15.1.1",
        "serialNumber": "C02VW333HTDF",
        "imei": null,

>         "integrityJailbreak": ,

Reviewer 2: nit: `integrityJailbreak` appears twice, this one can be removed
